♪♪
I am sensing something.
As if the Numbers
want me to listen?
That is it!
The Numbers we acquired
at the ruins
are trying to tell me two tales.
The first tells of a valiant
knight who fell in battle.
The winged horse Pegasus
sped to its master's rescue,
and the two parted from this
earthly realm,
their bond cemented
for all eternity.
The second tells
of a great warrior
who would battle only
with his hands.
Afraid of the warrior
becoming too powerful,
he was labeled a traitor
and banished from his homeland.
These legends...
tell of when the Barians
were human?
♪♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ 'Cause divided
we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand
in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ And just
wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears are gone
erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls
'til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls can't
be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regretting never
our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Big defeat ♪
♪ Do all
that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got
nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪♪
(Yuma)
Alito, what happened?
You changed.
You're a completely different
person now.
A scary person...
(Shark)
Snap out of it!
Quit your daydreaming!
Who?
Me?
Who else?
Let me guess,
you were thinking about
that Barian, Alito, again,
right, Yuma?
Well, yeah!
It 's like he' s totally changed.
Don't be so sure.
Maybe you just saw his true
colors for the first time.
True colors?
We are beginning our
descent at Point G 107,
the location of the fourth
Mythyrian Number.
I wonder what this
next ruin will be like.
Me too.
Hey, do you think
we might learn of another
legend when we find it?
If so, I hope it's
about rainbows
and puppies this time,
'cause all the others have
been such downers.
(Kite)
Galaxy-Eyes
is calling to me.
Could a duel soon be in
the cards for us?
(thundering)
(Dumon)
This is quite unsettling.
The legend I discovered at
the underground temple...
I already knew the story
inscribed on the walls,
but how could that be since it
was the first time I went there?
(Mizar)
Dumon.
I take it you acquired
the Mythyrian Number?
No.
Unfortunately it was taken
by Astral and Yuma.
What?!
What happened, Dumon?
Did you meet with some trouble?
My hunt for the Number led me
through a maze of traps.
I am lucky to
have escaped at all!
But before I got away
I found a legend
written in stone.
When I read it, I felt
something inside me awaken...
like a hidden memory.
A hidden memory?
Mizar, I have been thinking.
There are seven
Mythyrian Numbers
and we are seven emperors.
Is this simply coincidence?
Dumon, are you implying
that there is a link between
the legends of these foolish
humans and we Barians?
In any case,
I will double our efforts
to gather the Mythyrian Numbers
before our foes
collect any more!
♪♪
Ahh!
Hang on to your decks!
We're in for some turbulence!
Everything is going haywire!
The controls aren't responding!
I can't steer the ship!
Then don't!
Just land!
It doesn't matter where!
(Orbital 7)
Good thing
you're not picky!
We're going down!
♪♪
(Orbital 7)
That was one
lucky crash landing!
(Kite)
Lucky?
Yes!
We landed at the exact
coordinates on the map.
Uh, you guys...
I bet the Number is at
the top of that mountain!
So that means we're
gonna have to climb
all the way up there to get it?
Uh...
Let's get going.
Uh, about that.
I don't think I can
climb, Master Kite!
That crash landing
pulverized my processors!
Count me out too.
Heights aren't my thing.
Guess I'll stay here.
All alone.
Oh no, you won't!
I'm no fan of rock climbing.
I'll stay with you.
Yeah?
Of course!
It's more fun to be alone
when you've got company.
That's awesome, Rio!
We'll get in some girl time.
Just us.
I've got loads of gossip!
Come on, guys, let's go!
This thing won't climb itself!
Promise me that
you'll be careful!
Don't worry, Tori!
I'm the son of an adventurer!
But your dad was a pro.
He could climb mountains.
You have a hard time
climbing stairs.
Sheesh, Tori.
You're beginning to
sound just like Kari.
When you get the Number,
you come right back!
You hear me?
You can count on it!
(Yuma)
The trick to climbing mountains
is to get a foothold first,
then stretch your arm out
and hoist yourself up,
like this!
Also, it's important to
keep an eye out for each other.
Climbing is a team sport.
Why climb at all?
You've got enough hot air
to float up, Yuma!
(roaring)
Hey, Astral.
What was that?
A roar.
Like that of a dragon.
(Kite)
This must be why
Galaxy-Eyes is so agitated.
(rumbling)
Don't worry, I gotcha, Kite.
Like I told Shark,
it pays to watch each other's
backs up here.
I wonder if Yuma
and the others are okay.
Especially Master Kite!
(Rio)
Oh they'll be fine.
It 's us I' m worried about.
I'm starving!
Luckily, I brought some snacks.
All right!
You humans have
no self-control.
Sure we do!
If we didn't, I would have
recycled you by now!
♪♪
Can't see!
Fog's too thick!
But I think...
yeah!
We finally made it to the top!
Maybe.
But this isn't what I expected!
I think that goes for all of us.
Who would have guessed that
after a dangerous climb up
an enormous mountain...
we'd run straight into an
enormous door.
Leading to an enormous temple!
Anyone else picking up on an
enormous pattern here?
Get it?
'Cause everything's enormous...
(Shark)
Yeah, we get it, Yuma.
Guess someone's expecting us.
But who'd be
waiting for us up here?
I've got a hunch, but trust me
you won't like it.
I think the Barians are here!
Be ready!
♪♪
I smell something.
Yuma?
Yeah... right over here.
You think it's a Barian?
It smells too yummy
to be a Barian.
Bet it tastes
as good as it smells.
(Jinlon)
Don't count on finding out!
Stay away from my lunch!
Hey, watch it, that hurt!
What do you think
you 're doin', mister?!
Funny... that is what
I should be asking!
How dare you try to eat my
stewed pigs' feet!
No, I was just looking.
Yes, looking like a foolish
raccoon thieving by day!
You've got me all wrong!
You're lying!
I am not lying!
Now you're lying about
all the lying you've done!
Who are you?
More liars?
Excuse our moronic friend.
We've come to these
ruins to find a Number.
A Number?
♪♪
I sense you ally
yourself with a dragon.
That's right.
And I have a strong feeling that
I'm not the only one, am I?
(roaring)
So you do have a dragon!
Just who are you, old man?
My name is Jinlon,
the guardian of the Number
here at Temple Draghos.
To make this climb shows spirit.
(chuckling)
You remind me of someone
that I once knew
long ago, young one.
Who?
A brave duelist who dared face
the fiercest of dragons.
Their savage battle
has gone on to become the stuff
of legend at these ruins.
That duelist he knew was Mizar.
Say what?
I see.
So you are familiar with
the legend of Temple Draghos
as well, stranger?
Hold on!
How can that be?
Mizar's a Barian!
He's not from this world!
Perhaps not, Yuma.
But this is what the Numbers
we retrieved from the ruins
have told me.
I learned that the seven
Mythyrian Numbers
each tell a story of one
of the Barian emperors...
when they were still human,
many centuries ago.
No way, the Barians were humans?
Why didn't you tell us?
Apologies, Shark.
Whoa!
That means... the legends
at the ruins we've found
so far have been
all about the Barians!
(Kite)
Yuma, Shark.
I'll be the one to handle
this duel, got it?
How come, Kite?
Because I don't think it's just
a coincidence that I'm here.
It's fate.
My dragon and I were destined
to face Jinlon
and duel his beast.
Very well.
If you are able to defeat me
and my fearsome dragon,
I will hand over this
ruins' Number as your trophy.
But if you lose, I take
your dragon instead.
Is that understood?
Suit yourself.
Just know that there's
no way that you'll win.
You are like a peacock,
little more than a bold veneer.
Go, Photon Transformation!
♪♪
(computer)
Augmented Reality Vision Link
established.
Let's duel!
♪♪
Before we begin,
I have to know one thing.
Was it your dragon Mizar had
to battle against, Jinlon?
If so, did you beat Mizar
in this legendary duel?
Maybe if you win,
I will tell you.
Let us begin!
I draw!
I summon Mythic Tree Dragon!
(chuckling)
And since I have Mythic
Tree Dragon on my field,
you're about to get all wet,
because I'm allowed to
summon this!
Mythic Water Dragon!
Next I activate Mythic Tree
Dragon's special ability!
When there is
a Water Monster on my field,
I can double Mythic Tree
Dragon's Level.
Jinlon's already got two
Level 8 monsters on his field.
And the best is yet to come!
I overlay my Level 8
Mythic Tree Dragon
and Mythic Water Dragon!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon...
Number 46: Dragluon!
(roaring)
Look at that!
This must be the ruins' Number.
I'll have your Number
beat in no time!
I think not.
This is the mightiest
of all dragons!
Oh really?
I'll be the judge.
Let's see
what it can do.
As you wish.
I activate Dragluon's
special ability!
When I have no
other dragons on my field,
other than this one,
I can use one Overlay Unit
to summon another dragon
from my hand!
Luckily, I know
just the monster to choose
and I cannot wait to show you.
Arise Armed Protector Dragon!
(roaring)
What?
His Number's vanished!
Hey, where did Dragluon go?
(chuckling)
It is like a chameleon
hiding in plain sight.
When I have a Dragon
on my field,
my Dragluon's special ability
stops you from attacking it
or using any effects to
do it damage!
In other words, as long as
Armed Protector Dragon
is around,
you can't harm my Number!
So I'll make sure
Armed Protector Dragon
stays safe by guarding it
with Dragon Shield!
This superior shield
blocks you from destroying
Armed Protector Dragon
or dealing it any damage!
Oh and did I mention that every
time my Armed Protector Dragon
is shielded by an equip spell,
it gains 500 attack points?
Kite's in a tough spot.
He can't defeat the Number
if he doesn't destroy
Armed Protector Dragon!
And he can't do that unless he
destroys Protect Shield first!
But that won't happen!
And I can thank
Armed Protector Dragon's
second special ability for that!
It prevents you
from destroying any card
equipped onto Armed
Protector Dragon.
What?
Uh-oh.
This is troublesome.
Both Armed Protector Dragon
and Dragon Shield
have effects that
defend one another.
Played together, they become
an indestructible defense
and neither can be destroyed.
I end my turn!
Then it's my move!
I draw!
I play Overlay Sentinel!
And it lets me
summon Overlay Booster!
Our duel field won't get
too crowded because...
they won't be
sticking around for long.
Next, I tribute my Overlay
Sentinel and Booster!
I summon the monster
more savage than a supernova!
A cosmic scourge
that vaporizes
anything in its path...
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon!
Yeah, Galaxy-Eyes!
But I wonder if it'll be enough
to find a way around
Jinlon's defense?
I see a way.
Kite's Dragon can break through
his unbreakable strategy.
It could?
How?
Don't you remember?
Galaxy-Eyes has a special
ability where it can banish
itself and the opponent's
monster from play.
So if Kite removes
Armed Protector Dragon
from the field,
Dragon Shield will be destroyed
since it'll have nothing
to guard.
Doesn't it ring a bell?
Kite used the same
move to clobber you.
Right, how could I forget?
(roaring)
I have been eager to
see your dragon.
Well, you'll wish you had
never seen it once I give you
a taste of its power!
Do not count on it!
Why not?
Because Dragluon's other
special ability activates.
It negates the special
ability of other dragons,
such as your Galaxy-Eyes!
No!
Galaxy-eyes!
Galaxy-Eyes!
(Jinlon)
Now like a mouse in
a trap you are stuck!
Without your Dragon's
special ability,
you cannot break my defense.
You might say that I've
clipped your Dragon's wings.
Think again!
You've put together a solid
defense, I'll give you that.
It's as if you built
a brick wall
around your field to keep
you safe from being attacked.
But what you didn't count on
was me being a wrecking ball,
ready to smash your defense
apart with the spell
Book of Moon!
It switches one of your
face-up monsters facedown.
Aww, yeah!
Very cunning indeed.
I'm sure you know an equip spell
can't be used on a monster
that's facedown in defense mode.
So say bye-bye to
Dragon Shield!
But the best part of all,
Dragluon now has to
come out of hiding!
Seeing your Dragon again
reminds me of how bad
I want to take it down.
And to do that, what's left of
your defense has got to go!
Now, Galaxy-Eyes,
let's finish this!
Destroy Armed Protector Dragon!
Go Photon Stream of Destruction!
Yeah!
Galaxy-Eyes
is puttin' on the pressure!
You're completely wide open.
Without your wall
of defense to hide behind,
there's nothing keeping me
from beating you.
Oh, I can't say I agree.
But I will say you are
doing quite well!
You see, this
duel is really a test.
You faced my 'wall of defense,'
as you call it,
and brought it down!
I am quite pleased
with your performance.
So far.
Yeah, like I care.
I don't need you grading
my dueling, understand?
Okay, okay, sheesh.
Boy I'd think you've gotta be
the grouchiest duelist
I have ever battled!
(chuckling)
You and Mizar really
are birds of a feather.
Same anger and passion
for dueling.
Not to mention your egos.
Be quiet.
I am nothing like him.
We shall see.
Hopefully your
actions echo your words.
You know what the best part
of your test is, Kite?
That I get to see
if you really have the spirit
to go all the way
with this duel.
Now then, there's one more
obstacle in your way
before you get to me.
Are you ready, Kite?
I was born ready to handle
anything you can throw at me.
I place one card facedown
and end my turn!
This is the place...
The Mythyrian Number
must be up there.
There is no
mistaking the power I sense.
There is a dragon nearby.
My turn!
I draw!
I activate Dragluon's
special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
I can summon
a Dragon from my hand!
(roaring)
Come forth, Soul Drain Dragon!
So this means that Dragluon
can go back into hiding!
Like it did before.
Your friends are half right.
Just like before,
you can't harm my Number with
a new Dragon on my field.
But to keep things interesting,
there's a brand-new twist to
my strategy this time, Kite.
Soul Drain Dragon
gains attack points
equal to your life points.
Are you serious?
Afraid so.
You have 4,000 life points.
That means my Soul Drain Dragon
gains just as many
attack points!
That monster's a powerhouse!
And one last thing
for you to worry about.
Even if you do manage to
destroy this monster,
you will take damage equal
to half its attack points.
Whoa, no way!
So if Kite tries to destroy
Soul Drain Dragon,
he'll lose the duel instantly.
But if he doesn't end up
destroying it,
a single attack from it will be
enough to annihilate all his
life points anyway.
This duel has
taken a turn for the worse!
Kite will lose if he does not
destroy his opponent's dragon.
However, he cannot do so,
because it has too many
attack points.
This is one test that is
difficult to overcome.
You played a good duel,
but playtime is over!
(laughing maniacally)